[unsupported-blocks-docs] feat: unsupported-blocks documentation (#1985)
wix/ricos: docs/docs/plugins_api/UnsupportedBlocksPlugin.mdx

---
id: UnsupportedBlocksPlugin
title: UnsupportedBlocks Plugin
sidebar_label: UnsupportedBlocks Plugin
---

import { pluginUnsupportedBlocks } from 'wix-rich-content-plugin-unsupported-blocks';
import 'ricos-editor/dist/styles.min.css';
import 'wix-rich-content-plugin-unsupported-blocks/dist/styles.min.css';
import { RicosEditor } from 'ricos-editor';
const content = {
    blocks: [
    {
      key: "4qi73",
      text: " ",
      type: "atomic",
      depth: 0,
      inlineStyleRanges: [],
      entityRanges: [
        {
          offset: 0,
          length: 1,
          key: 0
        }
      ],
      data: {}
    },
    
  ],
  entityMap: {
    0: {

>       type: "unsupported-blocks",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      type: "xxx-unsupported-blocks-xxx",
```

      mutability: "IMMUTABLE",
      data: {
        config: {
          alignment: "center",
          size: "small",
          width: "fit-content"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  VERSION: "8.15.0"
}

Unsupported Blocks plugin is used to display an alert message whenever plugin is not supported.

> It is designed for the mobile version of the editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed for the mobile native app.
```
